If you are interested in the hard-facts, feel free to check my
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/xaviametller/) profile. Else you
can continue reading here more about my personal take on what have I done
so far.

## Just and Choice
Right after finishing University I started working on a couple of billing
application made from scratch using Winforms and .Net (yup, I started with
version 1.1). Basically I learnt enough to see I had no clue on how to
develop Software and realized there were a lot of excellent books that
could help me improve on that  

## Microsoft
Having the opportunity to work at Microsoft and as a tester was probably
quite a milestone in my professional career. I was very excited to join
MS, but not too much for being a tester. I couldn't have been more wrong,
over there I got the sensibility and praise for testing, I made a big step
from coder to developer.

## Sunweb
Around 2010 I got my first contact with the web world and Agile, I also
discovered Continuous Delivery. I also did a consultancy session with
ThoughtWorks which was mind-blowing and live-changing. Those were pretty
exciting years full of learnings.

## GreenPowerMonitor
So far C# was my only programming language, and I decided to try something
else. For a very short period I tried ClojureScript, I always had a thing
for functional languages and really wanted to try them professionally. The
excuse was a SPA to manage and monitor renewable energy power plants.

## Lifull Connect
Since October 2019 I'm working at Lifull Connect. I'm loving the
experience of working in a data driven company with a culture I'm really
aligned with. The main con is a huge pile of technical debt but... well,
working on that. BTW, have I mentioned [we're looking for
people](https://www.lifullconnect.com/careers/)?

## Criteo

## Sunweb

## Voxel
